alright here we are today show you
briefly how to cook collect your yeah
have a roll in a forty nine new keyboard
controller I have a iPad running
GarageBand and have a car kit and USB
cable which I have connected to the back
that a keyboard imma show you how to
disconnect it get the two working
together so pretty much I got to do
first
just connect the USB cable to your car
kit in there open up your app I have a
GarageBand open what you have to do is
on to a 49 for example get the hold down
the s-one and s-two
buttons hold those down together while
you connect your car kit inside the
inside your iPad so I'm go ahead and do
that for you real quick
so basically hold these two down so hold
those two down plug that in keep going
down and onto a 49 the power light will
come on that means that you got it yes
it's getting USB powered so now you
should just be able to play your
keyboard and trigger whatever app you
have going on in a thing like that
and everything works you use the pitch
bender so there you go pretty simple
just hold down the s-1 s2 plug it in
which card kit and USB cable into an
iPad and watch for the power button the
light up blue and you're all set there
this is an Apple car kit some people who
are using third-party car kits what you
want to do is instead of doing the
connection here you might have to do it
here in the back so what you do is did
it was not connecting here disconnect it
from the back of the keyboard hold down
the two buttons s1 s2 while you're
holding those down plug it into the back
of the of the a49 but first try the
original way you know plug your cable in
the back and then hold down the two
buttons and plug it into your iPad so if
it doesn't connect try it the other way
but it should connect by connecting it
here first and then hold down the two
buttons connecting to your iPad so there
you go here with the rolling 8:49 mini
controller and using it controlling a
half click on your iPad have a good data
but